

1. What is Emmet ?
  
    * Emmet is a utility library for generating HTML and XML, React from JavaScript.It makes easy to create reusable components.    

2. Difference between library and framework ? 

  Library: Library is a collection of reusable code along with the pre-defined helper functions, objects, classes, modules that can   
          be used in code. 

          Example: React, ReactDOM react-router-dom, express, Lodash, etc. 

  Framework: Framework is a set of reusable code and a set of conventions for developing software.  

         Example: NodeJS, Next JS, Angular etc.  

  The key difference between a library and a framework is => “Inversion of Control”. 

    When calling a method from a library, the developer is in control. With a framework, the control is inverted: the framework calls 
    the developer's code. 

3. What is JavaScript?  

 Javascript is a dynamic typed, high-level, loosely-coupled, object oriented, prototype-based, Synchronous, Single threaded language.

 JavaScript follows functional & Object-Oriented Programming Paradigm mostly.

4. What is React ?
   React is a JavaScript library for building user interfaces. React was created by Facebook in 2013. React is known for its 
   simplicity, reactivity, reusability and comparability.

5. What is crossorigin in script tag ?
    When you use the crossorigin attribute in a script tag, you're telling the browser to allow the script to run from a different 
    domain than the page itself. This is useful if you want to run a script from a different domain than the one where the page is 
    hosted.

    Setting the attribute name to an empty value, like crossorigin or crossorigin="" , is the same as anonymous .
    
    <script crossorigin src="app.js"></script>
    <script crossorigin="" src="app.js"></script>
    <script crossorigin="anonymous or xyz" src="app.js"></script>

6. What is difference between React and ReactDOM?
   React is a library for building user interfaces
   ReactDOM is a library for rendering React components into HTML. It contains DOM manipulation utilities.

   * Why separate both in form of React and ReactDOM?

   The reason React and ReactDOM were split into two libraries was due to the arrival of React Native (A react platform for mobile 
   development).

  React components are such a great way to organize UI that it has now spread to mobile to react is used in web and in mobile. react- 
  dom is used only in web apps.

7. What is the difference between react.production.js and react.development.js ?
  react.production.js - production code that is minified and use in production environments.
  react.development.js - More readable and developer friendly code that can be used to debug,manipulation of code in development or 
  staging environments.    


8.  What is async and defer in JS ?

    async and defer are two keywords in JavaScript that allow you to create functions that run asynchronously.

    defer => defer is used for scripts that need the whole DOM and/or their relative execution order is important. 
    async => async is used for independent scripts, like counters or ads,and their relative execution order does not matter.

    async executes as soon as possible while defer runs in sequence toward the end of the loading process, just before the 
    DOMContentLoaded event.

    async:
        1. async is used for independent scripts
        2. Downloads in the background at a low priority (same as defer)
        3. Can interrupt page rendering to execute
        4. Executes as soon as possible and in no particular order

     =>  async is best for very high priority JavaScript resources that should run as early as possible in the loading process. 

    defer:
        1. Downloads in the background at a low priority (same as async)
        2. Won't interrupt page rendering to execute
        3. Executes in sequence just before the DOMContentLoaded event

     =>    defer is ideal for general JavaScript resources that aren't critical to the initial rendering of the page and can be run 
           later in the loading process.